
=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<blacklist>

Specifies that new passwords having a blacklisted topology are to
be rejected.

=item B<db=path/name>

Specifies the path to and name of the database used by the
module.  The default value is '/var/lib/PathWell/PathWell.db'.

=item B<debug>

Specifies that the topology of a user's new password, when accepted,
will be included in a syslog message. *Note* this type of information
should be considered highly sensitive, as it would permit targeted
cracking of users' passwords should the system logs become accessible
to an attacker.  As such, use of the 'debug' flag should be restricted
to test environments and/or test purposes only.  In particular, use of
this flag in any production environment is highly discouraged.

=item B<delayed>

Specifies that audit mode should record not the topology of the user's
new password at password-change time, but rather their old password.
This can result in the audit database being slightly less valuable to
an attacker who gains access to it.

=item B<encoding={baseN+1|bitmask}>

Specifies the type of encoding to use while performing conversions.
Currently, the following encoding types are supported: 'baseN+1' and
'bitmask'.  The default value is 'baseN+1'.

=item B<hintinfolevel={1,2,3,4}>

Specifies the desired hinting information level.  The supported
levels (listed below) provide information indicating:

    1) only that a check failed (default)
    2) rejected topology / suggested topology
    3) rejected password / suggested topology
    4) rejected password / suggested password

Note: This feature is currently limited to blacklist violations.

=item B<hintpreslevel={1,2,3}>

Specifies the desired hinting presentation level.  The supported
levels (listed below) render the hint suggestion as:

    1) direct printing of topology/password (default)
    2) pictorial representation of change(s)
    3) both 1 and 2

Note: This feature is currently limited to blacklist violations.

=item B<maxuse=int>

Specifies maximum use count that any given topology may have.  A value
of '0' means that no limit is imposed.  The default value is '1'.

=item B<minlen=int>

Specifies minimum required password length.  The default value is
'0', which means that no limit is imposed.

=item B<minlev=int>

Specifies minimum required Levenshtein distance between the old
and new topologies.  The default value is '0', which means that no
limit is imposed.

=item B<tokenset={1|2|3|4}>

Specifies the ID of the token set to use for performing conversions.
The following token sets are supported:

    1 - [dlus] (default)
    2 - [dlusf]
    3 - [dlusfx]
    4 - [dlusfxH]

=item B<use_authtok>

Specifies that this module is expecting the new password to have
already been defined by a previously stacked password module.  If this
option is set and the new password has not been defined, the module
will abort.  If this option is not set and the the new password has
not been defined, the module will prompt the user to supply one.

=back

