
=head1 RETURN VALUES

Upon successful completion, PAM_SUCCESS is returned to the calling
stack, and a message will be syslogged indicating success.  Otherwise, pam_pathwell may return one of the following errors
directly:

=over 5

=item *

B<PAM_AUTHTOK_ERR>

=item *

B<PAM_AUTHTOK_RECOVERY_ERR>

=item *

B<PAM_IGNORE>

=item *

B<PAM_SERVICE_ERR>

=item *

B<PAM_USER_UNKNOWN>

=back

Consult the PAM documentation for the meaning of those return values.

Other PAM_* error codes may be returned as propagated errors from
PAM library calls, such as pam_get_item(), pam_get_authtok_verify(), etc.
Consult the PAM documentation for more details.

Errors encountered by pam_pathwell.so will cause a message to be
syslogged.  Most of those error messages are self-explanitory,
indicating the specific enforcement check that failed, etc.  However,
the meaning of this message in particular may not be obvious:

B<The new password must be defined by a previously stacked module when the "use_authtok" option is enabled.>

This indicates that pam_pathwell.so was configured in pam.d settings
to expect to be provided the user's new password by an earlier module
in the PAM stack, but the auth token was not provided.

If this message occurs for every password change, it may indicate a
pam.d configuration error.

However, this can also be be a normal result when a user has provided
a new password that is too weak to be accepted by the module(s) before
pam_pathwell.so.  Other modules such as pam_cracklib.so or pam_unix.so
may, if called before pam_pathwell.so, have rejected the requested new
password, in which case they may clear the authentication token before
pam_pathwell.so is invoked.

