
=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-b>

Enable blacklist checking.

=item B<-d db>

Specifies the path and name of the database that is to be
consulted when performing PathWell checks.

=item B<-e environment>

Specifies the environment where application is meant to be
used.  The following environments are supported: 0) CLI and 1)
JavaScript.  The default environment is CLI (i.e., the default
value is '0').  Setting the environment to JavaScript will produce
JSON-formatted output.

=item B<-h hint-info-level>

Specifies the desired hinting information level.  The supported
levels (listed below) provide information indicating:

    1) only that a check failed (default)
    2) rejected topology / suggested topology
    3) rejected password / suggested topology
    4) rejected password / suggested password

Note: This feature is currently limited to blacklist violations.

=item B<-i>

Increment the use count if the new password satisfies all enabled
checks.  If no checks are enabled, the use count is updated as a
matter of course.

=item B<-L minlev>

Specifies the minimun Levenshtein distance required for topologies
derived from candidate passwords.  This option is disabled by default
(i.e., the default value is '0').

=item B<-l minlen>

Specifies the minimun length required for candidate passwords.
This option is disabled by default (i.e., the default value is '0').

=item B<[-m]>

Enable deletions as a suggested password modification.  This option
is disabled by default.

=item B<-p hint-pres-level>

Specifies the desired hinting presentation level.  The supported
levels (listed below) render the hint suggestion as:

    1) direct printing of topology/password (default)
    2) pictorial representation of change(s)
    3) both 1 and 2

Note: This feature is currently limited to blacklist violations.

=item B<[-S seed]>

Specifies a seed for the PRNG, which is used, in turn, to influence
the output produced by hinting information levels 2-4.  Any positive
32-bit integer value is permitted.  If not specified, the seed will
be selected automatically.  This option is useful for testing where
deterministic results are desired.

=item B<[-s token-set]>

Specifies the ID of the token set to use for performing conversions.
The following token sets are supported:

    1 - [dlus] (default)
    2 - [dlusf] (under development)
    3 - [dlusfx] (under development)
    4 - [dlusfxH] (under development)

=item B<[-t encoding-type]>

Specifies the type of encoding to use while performing conversions.
Currently, the following encoding types are supported: 'baseN+1'
and 'bitmask'.  The default value is 'baseN+1'.

=item B<-u maxuse>

Specifies the maximum use count allowed for topologies derived from
candidate passwords.  This option is disabled by default (i.e.,
the default value is '0').

=back

